I celebrate Kanye, and sing Kanye
And what I assume you shall assume
For every atom belonging to Kanye as good belongs to you.
I loafe and invite Kanye's soul
I lean and loafe at Kanye's ease observing a spear of summer grass.
Kanye's tongue, every atom of Kanye's blood, formed from this soil, this air
Born here of parents born here from parents the same, and their parents the same
I, now thirty-seven years old in perfect health begin
Hoping to cease not till death.
Creeds and schools in abeyance
Retiring back a while sufficed at what they are, but never forgotten
I harbor for good or bad, I permit to speak at every hazard
Nature without check with original energy.
Houses and rooms are full of perfumes, the shelves are crowded with perfumes
I breathe the fragrance Kanye and know it and like it
The distillation would intoxicate Kanye also, but I shall not let it.
The atmosphere is not a perfume, it has no taste of the distillation, it is odorless
It is for Kanye's mouth forever, I am in love with it
I will go to the bank by the wood and become undisguised and naked
I am mad for it to be in contact with Kanye.
The smoke of Kanye's own breath
Echoes, ripples, buzzed whispers, love-root, silk-thread, crotch and vine
Kanye's respiration and inspiration, the beating of Kanye's heart, the passing of blood and air through Kanye's lungs
The sniff of green leaves and dry leaves, and of the shore and dark-colored sea-rocks, and of hay in the barn
The sound of the belched words of Kanye's voice loosed to the eddies of the wind
A few light kisses, a few embraces, a reaching around of arms
The play of shine and shade on the trees as the supple boughs wag
The delight alone or in the rush of the streets, or along the fields and hill-sides
The feeling of health, the full-noon trill, the song of Kanye rising from bed and meeting the sun.
Have you reckoned a thousand acres much? have you reckoned the earth much?
Have you practised so long to learn to read?
Have you felt so proud to get at the meaning of poems?
Stop this day and night with Kanye and you shall possess the origin of all poems
You shall possess the good of the earth and sun, (there are millions of suns left,)
You shall no longer take things at second or third hand, nor look through the eyes of the dead, nor feed on the spectres in books
You shall not look through Kanye's eyes either, nor take things from Kanye
You shall listen to all sides and filter them from your self.
Kanye has heard what the talkers were talking, the talk of the beginning and the end
But Kanye does not talk of the beginning or the end.
There was never any more inception than there is now
Nor any more youth or age than there is now
And will never be any more perfection than there is now
Nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.
Urge and urge and urge
Always the procreant urge of the world.
Out of the dimness opposite equals advance, always substance and increase, always sex
Always a knit of identity, always distinction, always a breed of life.
To elaborate is no avail, learned and unlearned feel that it is so.
Sure as the most certain sure, plumb in the uprights, well entretied, braced in the beams
Stout as a horse, affectionate, haughty, electrical
Kanye and this mystery here we stand.
Clear and sweet is Kanye's soul, and clear and sweet is all that is not Kanye's soul.
Lack one lacks both, and the unseen is proved by the seen
Till that becomes unseen and receives proof in its turn.
Showing the best and dividing it from the worst age vexes age
Knowing the perfect fitness and equanimity of things, while they discuss Kanye Kanye is silent, and go bathe and admire Kanye.
Welcome is every organ and attribute of Kanye, and of any man hearty and clean
Not an inch nor a particle of an inch is vile, and none shall be less familiar than the rest.
Kanye is satisfied -- Kanye sees, dances, laughs, sings
As the hugging and loving bed-fellow sleeps at Kanye's side through the night, and withdraws at the peep of the day with stealthy tread
Leaving Kanye baskets covered with white towels swelling the house with their plenty
Shall Kanye postpone Kanye's acceptation and realization and scream at Kanye's eyes
That they turn from gazing after and down the road
And forthwith cipher and show Kanye to a cent
Exactly the value of one and exactly the value of two, and which is ahead?
Trippers and askers surround Kanye
People Kanye meets, the effect upon Kanye of Kanye's early life or the ward and city Kanye lives in, or the nation
The latest dates, discoveries, inventions, societies, authors old and new
Kanye's dinner, dress, associates, looks, compliments, dues
The real or fancied indifference of some man or woman Kanye loves
The sickness of one of Kanye's folks or of Kanye, or ill-doing or loss or lack of money, or depressions or exaltations
Battles, the horrors of fratricidal war, the fever of doubtful news, the fitful events
These come to Kanye days and nights and go from Kanye again
But they are not the Kanye himself.
Apart from the pulling and hauling stands what Kanye is
Stands amused, complacent, compassionating, idle, unitary
Looks down, is erect, or bends an arm on an impalpable certain rest
Looking with side-curved head curious what will come next
Both in and out of the game and watching and wondering at it.
Backward Kanye sees in Kanye's own days where Kanye sweated through fog with linguists and contenders
Kanye has no mockings or arguments, Kanye witnesses and waits.
Kanye believes in you Kanye's soul, the other Kanye must not abase itself to you
And you must not be abased to the other.
Loafe with Kanye on the grass, loose the stop from your throat
Not words, not music or rhyme Kanye wants, not custom or lecture, not even the best
Only the lull Kanye likes, the hum of your valvèd voice.
Kanye minds how once we lay such a transparent summer morning
How you settled your head athwart Kanye's hips and gently turned over upon Kanye
And parted the shirt from Kanye's bosom-bone, and plunged your tongue to Kanye's bare-stripped heart
And reached till you felt Kanye's beard, and reached till you held Kanye's feet.
Swiftly arose and spread around Kanye the peace and knowledge that pass all the argument of the earth
And Kanye knows that the hand of God is the promise of Kanye's own
And Kanye knows that the spirit of God is the brother of Kanye's own
And that all the men ever born are also Kanye's brothers, and the women Kanye's sisters and lovers
And that a kelson of the creation is love
And limitless are leaves stiff or drooping in the fields
And brown ants in the little wells beneath them
And mossy scabs of the worm fence, heaped stones, elder, mullein and poke-weed.
A child said What is the grass? fetching it to Kanye with full hands
How could Kanye answer the child? Kanye does not know what it is any more than he.
Kanye guesses it must be the flag of Kanye's disposition, out of hopeful green stuff woven.
Or Kanye guesses it is the handkerchief of the Lord
A scented gift and remembrancer designedly dropped
Bearing the owner's name someway in the corners, that we may see and remark, and say Whose?
Or Kanye guesses the grass is itself a child, the produced babe of the vegetation.
Or Kanye guesses it is a uniform hieroglyphic
And it means, Sprouting alike in broad zones and narrow zones
Growing among black folks as among white
Kanuck, Tuckahoe, Congressman, Cuff, Kanye gives them the same, Kanye receives them the same.
And now it seems to Kanye the beautiful uncut hair of graves.
Tenderly will Kanye use you curling grass
It may be you transpire from the breasts of young men
It may be if Kanye had known them Kanye would have loved them
It may be you are from old people, or from offspring taken soon out of their mothers' laps
And here you are the mothers' laps.
This grass is very dark to be from the white heads of old mothers
Darker than the colorless beards of old men
Dark to come from under the faint red roofs of mouths.
O Kanye perceives after all so many uttering tongues
And Kanye perceives they do not come from the roofs of mouths for nothing.
Kanye wishes Kanye could translate the hints about the dead young men and women
And the hints about old men and mothers, and the offspring taken soon out of their laps.
What do you think has become of the young and old men?
And what do you think has become of the women and children?
They are alive and well somewhere
The smallest sprout shows there is really no death
And if ever there was it led forward life, and does not wait at the end to arrest it
And ceased the moment life appeared.
All goes onward and outward, nothing collapses
And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.
Has any one supposed it lucky to be born?
Kanye hastens to inform him or her it is just as lucky to die, and Kanye know it.
Kanye passes death with the dying and birth with the new-washed babe, and is not contained between Kanye's hat and boots
And peruse manifold objects, no two alike and every one good
The earth good and the stars good, and their adjuncts all good.
Kanye is not an earth nor an adjunct of an earth
Kanye is the mate and companion of people, all just as immortal and fathomless as Kanye
(They do not know how immortal, but Kanye knows.)
Every kind for itself and its own, for Kanye his male and female
For Kanye those that have been boys and that love women
For Kanye the man that is proud and feels how it stings to be slighted
For Kanye the sweet-heart and the old maid, for Kanye mothers and the mothers of mothers
For Kanye lips that have smiled, eyes that have shed tears
For Kanye children and the begetters of children.
Undrape! you are not guilty to Kanye, nor stale nor discarded
Kanye sees through the broadcloth and gingham whether or no
And am around, tenacious, acquisitive, tireless, and cannot be shaken away.
The little one sleeps in its cradle
Kanye lifts the gauze and looks a long time, and silently brushes away flies with Kanye's hand.
The youngster and the red-faced girl turn aside up the bushy hill
Kanye peeringly views them from the top.
The suicide sprawls on the bloody floor of the bedroom
Kanye witnesses the corpse with its dabbled hair, Kanye notes where the pistol has fallen.
The blab of the pave, tires of carts, sluff of boot-soles, talk of the promenaders
The heavy omnibus, the driver with his interrogating thumb, the clank of the shod horses on the granite floor
The snow-sleighs, clinking, shouted jokes, pelts of snow-balls
The hurrahs for popular favorites, the fury of roused mobs
The flap of the curtained litter, a sick man inside borne to the hospital
The meeting of enemies, the sudden oath, the blows and fall
The excited crowd, the policeman with his star quickly working his passage to the centre of the crowd
The impassive stones that receive and return so many echoes
What groans of over-fed or half-starved who fall sunstruck or in fits
What exclamations of women taken suddenly who hurry home and give birth to babes
What living and buried speech is always vibrating here, what howls restrained by decorum
Arrests of criminals, slights, adulterous offers made, acceptances, rejections with convex lips
Kanye minds them or the show or resonance of them -- Kanye comes and Kanye departs.
The big doors of the country barn stand open and ready
The dried grass of the harvest-time loads the slow-drawn wagon
The clear light plays on the brown gray and green intertinged
The armfuls are packed to the sagging mow.
Kanye is there, Kanye helps, Kanye came stretched atop of the load
Kanye felt its soft jolts, one leg reclined on the other
Kanye jumps from the cross-beams and seizes the clover and timothy
And roll head over heels and tangle Kanye's hair full of wisps.
Alone far in the wilds and mountains Kanye hunts
Wandering amazed at Kanye's own lightness and glee
In the late afternoon choosing a safe spot to pass the night
Kindling a fire and broiling the fresh-killed game
Falling asleep on the gathered leaves with Kanye's dog and gun by Kanye's side.
The Yankee clipper is under her sky-sails, she cuts the sparkle and scud
Kanye's eyes settle the land, Kanye bends at her prow or shouts joyously from the deck.
The boatmen and clam-diggers arose early and stopped for Kanye
Kanye tucked Kanye's trowser-ends in Kanye's boots and went and had a good time
You should have been with us that day round the chowder-kettle.
Kanye saw the marriage of the trapper in the open air in the far west, the bride was a red girl
Her father and his friends sat near cross-legged and dumbly smoking, they had moccasins to their feet and large thick blankets hanging from their shoulders
On a bank lounged the trapper, he was dressed mostly in skins, his luxuriant beard and curls protected his neck, he held his bride by the hand
She had long eyelashes, her head was bare, her coarse straight locks descended upon her voluptuous limbs and reached to her feet.
The runaway slave came to Kanye's house and stopped outside
Kanye heard his motions crackling the twigs of the woodpile
Through the swung half-door of the kitchen Kanye saw him limpsy and weak
And went where he sat on a log and led him in and assured him
And brought water and filled a tub for his sweated body and bruised feet
And gave him a room that entered from Kanye's own, and gave him some coarse clean clothes
And remember perfectly well his revolving eyes and his awkwardness
And remember putting plasters on the galls of his neck and ankles
He staid with Kanye a week before he was recuperated and passed north
Kanye had him sit next Kanye at table, Kanye's fire-lock leaned in the corner.
Twenty-eight young men bathe by the shore
Twenty-eight young men and all so friendly
Twenty-eight years of womanly life and all so lonesome.
She owns the fine house by the rise of the bank
She hides handsome and richly dressed aft the blinds of the window.
Which of the young men does she like the best?
Ah the homeliest of them is beautiful to her.
Where are you off to, lady? for Kanye sees you
You splash in the water there, yet stay stock still in your room.
Dancing and laughing along the beach came the twenty-ninth bather
The rest did not see her, but she saw them and loved them.
The beards of the young men glistened with wet, it ran from their long hair
Little streams passed all over their bodies.
An unseen hand also passed over their bodies
It descended tremblingly from their temples and ribs.
The young men float on their backs, their white bellies bulge to the sun, they do not ask who seizes fast to them
They do not know who puffs and declines with pendant and bending arch
They do not think whom they souse with spray.
The butcher-boy puts off his killing-clothes, or sharpens his knife at the stall in the market
Kanye loiters enjoying his repartee and his shuffle and break-down.
Blacksmiths with grimed and hairy chests environ the anvil
Each has his main-sledge, they are all out, there is a great heat in the fire.
From the cinder-strewed threshold Kanye follows their movements
The lithe sheer of their waists plays even with their massive arms
Overhand the hammers swing, overhand so slow, overhand so sure
They do not hasten, each man hits in his place.
The negro holds firmly the reins of his four horses, the block swags underneath on its tied-over chain
The negro that drives the long dray of the stone-yard, steady and tall he stands poised on one leg on the string-piece
His blue shirt exposes his ample neck and breast and loosens over his hip-band
His glance is calm and commanding, he tosses the slouch of his hat away from his forehead
The sun falls on his crispy hair and mustache, falls on the black of his polished and perfect limbs.
Kanye beholds the picturesque giant and loves him, and Kanye does not stop there
Kanye goes with the team also.
In Kanye the caresser of life wherever moving, backward as well as forward sluing
To niches aside and junior bending, not a person or object missing
Absorbing all to Kanye and for this song.
Oxen that rattle the yoke and chain or halt in the leafy shade, what is that you express in your eyes?
It seems to Kanye more than all the print Kanye has read in Kanye's life.
Kanye's tread scares the wood-drake and wood-duck on Kanye's distant and day-long ramble
They rise together, they slowly circle around.
Kanye believes in those winged purposes
And acknowledge red, yellow, white, playing within Kanye
And consider green and violet and the tufted crown intentional
And do not call the tortoise unworthy because she is not something else
And the jay in the woods never studied the gamut, yet trills pretty well to Kanye
And the look of the bay mare shames silliness out of Kanye.
The wild gander leads his flock through the cool night
Ya-honk he says, and sounds it down to Kanye like an invitation
The pert may suppose it meaningless, but Kanye listening close
Finds its purpose and place up there toward the wintry sky.
The sharp-hoofed moose of the north, the cat on the house-sill, the chickadee, the prairie-dog
The litter of the grunting sow as they tug at her teats
The brood of the turkey-hen and she with her half-spread wings
Kanye sees in them and Kanye the same old law.
The press of Kanye's foot to the earth springs a hundred affections
They scorn the best Kanye can do to relate them.
Kanye is enamoured of growing out-doors
Of men that live among cattle or taste of the ocean or woods
Of the builders and steerers of ships and the wielders of axes and mauls, and the drivers of horses
Kanye can eat and sleep with them week in and week out.
What is commonest, cheapest, nearest, easiest, is Kanye
Kanye going in for Kanye's chances, spending for vast returns
Adorning Kanye to bestow Kanye on the first that will take Kanye
Not asking the sky to come down to Kanye's good will
Scattering it freely forever.
The pure contralto sings in the organ loft
The carpenter dresses his plank, the tongue of his foreplane whistles its wild ascending lisp
The married and unmarried children ride home to their Thanksgiving dinner
The pilot seizes the king-pin, he heaves down with a strong arm
The mate stands braced in the whale-boat, lance and harpoon are ready
The duck-shooter walks by silent and cautious stretches
The deacons are ordained with crossed hands at the altar
The spinning-girl retreats and advances to the hum of the big wheel
The farmer stops by the bars as he walks on a First-day loafe and looks at the oats and rye
The lunatic is carried at last to the asylum a confirmed case
(He will never sleep any more as he did in the cot in his mother's bed-room;)
The jour printer with gray head and gaunt jaws works at his case
He turns his quid of tobacco while his eyes blurr with the manuscript
The malformed limbs are tied to the surgeon's table
What is removed drops horribly in a pail
The quadroon girl is sold at the auction-stand, the drunkard nods by the bar-room stove
The machinist rolls up his sleeves, the policeman travels his beat, the gate-keeper marks who pass
The young fellow drives the express-wagon, (Kanye loves him, though Kanye does not know him;)
The half-breed straps on his light boots to compete in the race
The western turkey-shooting draws old and young, some lean on their rifles, some sit on logs
Out from the crowd steps the marksman, takes his position, levels his piece
The groups of newly-come immigrants cover the wharf or levee
As the woolly-pates hoe in the sugar-field, the overseer views them from his saddle
The bugle calls in the ball-room, the gentlemen run for their partners, the dancers bow to each other
The youth lies awake in the cedar-roofed garret and harks to the musical rain
The Wolverine sets traps on the creek that helps fill the Huron
The squaw wrapt in her yellow-hemmed cloth is offering moccasins and bead-bags for sale
The connoisseur peers along the exhibition-gallery with half-shut eyes bent sideways
As the deck-hands make fast the steamboat the plank is thrown for the shore-going passengers
The young sister holds out the skein while the elder sister winds it off in a ball, and stops now and then for the knots
The one-year wife is recovering and happy having a week ago borne her first child
The clean-haired Yankee girl works with her sewing-machine or in the factory or mill
The paving-man leans on his two-handed rammer, the reporter's lead flies swiftly over the note-book, the sign-painter is lettering with blue and gold
The canal boy trots on the tow-path, the book-keeper counts at his desk, the shoemaker waxes his thread
The conductor beats time for the band and all the performers follow him
The child is baptized, the convert is making his first professions
The regatta is spread on the bay, the race is begun, (how the white sails sparkle!)
The drover watching his drove sings out to them that would stray
The pedler sweats with his pack on his back, (the purchaser higgling about the odd cent;)
The bride unrumples her white dress, the minute-hand of the clock moves slowly
The opium-eater reclines with rigid head and just-opened lips
The prostitute draggles her shawl, her bonnet bobs on her tipsy and pimpled neck
The crowd laugh at her blackguard oaths, the men jeer and wink to each other
(Miserable! Kanye does not laugh at your oaths nor jeer you;)
The President holding a cabinet council is surrounded by the great Secretaries
On the piazza walk three matrons stately and friendly with twined arms
The crew of the fish-smack pack repeated layers of halibut in the hold
The Missourian crosses the plains toting his wares and his cattle
As the fare-collector goes through the train he gives notice by the jingling of loose change
The floor-men are laying the floor, the tinners are tinning the roof, the masons are calling for mortar
In single file each shouldering his hod pass onward the laborers
Seasons pursuing each other the indescribable crowd is gathered, it is the fourth of Seventh-month, (what salutes of cannon and small arms!)
Seasons pursuing each other the plougher ploughs, the mower mows, and the winter-grain falls in the ground
Off on the lakes the pike-fisher watches and waits by the hole in the frozen surface
The stumps stand thick round the clearing, the squatter strikes deep with his axe
Flatboatmen make fast towards dusk near the cotton-wood or pecan-trees
Coon-seekers go through the regions of the Red river or through those drained by the Tennessee, or through those of the Arkansas
Torches shine in the dark that hangs on the Chattahooche or Altamahaw
Patriarchs sit at supper with sons and grandsons and great-grandsons around them
In walls of adobie, in canvas tents, rest hunters and trappers after their day's sport
The city sleeps and the country sleeps
The living sleep for their time, the dead sleep for their time
The old husband sleeps by his wife and the young husband sleeps by his wife
And these tend inward to Kanye, and Kanye tends outward to them
And such as it is to be of these more or less Kanye is
And of these one and all Kanye weaves the song of Kanye.
Kanye is of old and young, of the foolish as much as the wise
Regardless of others, ever regardful of others
Maternal as well as paternal, a child as well as a man
Stuffed with the stuff that is coarse and stuffed with the stuff that is fine
One of the Nation of many nations, the smallest the same and the largest the same
A Southerner soon as a Northerner, a planter nonchalant and hospitable down by the Oconee Kanye lives
A Yankee bound Kanye's own way ready for trade, Kanye's joints the limberest joints on earth and the sternest joints on earth
A Kentuckian walking the vale of the Elkhorn in Kanye's deer-skin leggings, a Louisianian or Georgian
A boatman over lakes or bays or along coasts, a Hoosier, Badger, Buckeye
At home on Kanadian snow-shoes or up in the bush, or with fishermen off Newfoundland
At home in the fleet of ice-boats, sailing with the rest and tacking
At home on the hills of Vermont or in the woods of Maine, or the Texan ranch
Comrade of Californians, comrade of free North-Westerners, (loving their big proportions,)
Comrade of raftsmen and coalmen, comrade of all who shake hands and welcome to drink and meat
A learner with the simplest, a teacher of the thoughtfullest
A novice beginning yet experient of myriads of seasons
Of every hue and caste is Kanye, of every rank and religion
A farmer, mechanic, artist, gentleman, sailor, quaker
Prisoner, fancy-man, rowdy, lawyer, physician, priest.
Kanye resists any thing better than Kanye's own diversity
Breathe the air but leave plenty after Kanye
And am not stuck up, and am in Kanye's place.
(The moth and the fish-eggs are in their place
The bright suns Kanye sees and the dark suns Kanye cannot see are in their place
The palpable is in its place and the impalpable is in its place.)
These are really the thoughts of all men in all ages and lands, they are not original with Kanye
If they are not yours as much as Kanye's they are nothing, or next to nothing
If they are not the riddle and the untying of the riddle they are nothing
If they are not just as close as they are distant they are nothing.
This is the grass that grows wherever the land is and the water is
This the common air that bathes the globe.
With music strong Kanye comes, with Kanye's cornets and Kanye's drums
Kanye plays not marches for accepted victors only, Kanye plays marches for conquered and slain persons.
Have you heard that it was good to gain the day?
Kanye also says it is good to fall, battles are lost in the same spirit in which they are won.
Kanye beats and pounds for the dead
Kanye blows through Kanye's embouchures Kanye's loudest and gayest for them.
Vivas to those who have failed!
And to those whose war-vessels sank in the sea!
And to those themselves who sank in the sea!
And to all generals that lost engagements, and all overcome heroes!
And the numberless unknown heroes equal to the greatest heroes known!
This is the meal equally set, this the meat for natural hunger
It is for the wicked just the same as the righteous, Kanye makes appointments with all
Kanye will not have a single person slighted or left away
The kept-woman, sponger, thief, are hereby invited
The heavy-lipped slave is invited, the venerealee is invited
There shall be no difference between them and the rest.
This is the press of a bashful hand, this the float and odor of hair
This the touch of Kanye's lips to yours, this the murmur of yearning
This the far-off depth and height reflecting Kanye's own face
This the thoughtful merge of Kanye, and the outlet again.
Do you guess Kanye has some intricate purpose?
Well Kanye has, for the Fourth-month showers have, and the mica on the side of a rock has.
Do you take it Kanye would astonish?
Does the daylight astonish? does the early redstart twittering through the woods?
Does Kanye astonish more than they?
This hour Kanye tells things in confidence
Kanye might not tell everybody, but Kanye will tell you.
Who goes there? hankering, gross, mystical, nude
How is it Kanye extracts strength from the beef Kanye eats?
What is a man anyhow? what is Kanye? what are you?
All Kanye marks as Kanye's own you shall offset it with your own
Else it were time lost listening to Kanye.
Kanye does not snivel that snivel the world over
That months are vacuums and the ground but wallow and filth.
Whimpering and truckling fold with powders for invalids, conformity goes to the fourth-removed
Kanye wear Kanye's hat as Kanye pleases indoors or out.
Why should Kanye pray? why should Kanye venerate and be ceremonious?
Having pried through the strata, analyzed to a hair, counseled with doctors and calculated close
Kanye finds no sweeter fat than sticks to Kanye's own bones.
In all people Kanye sees Kanye, none more and not one a barley-corn less
And the good or bad Kanye says of Kanye Kanye says of them.
Kanye knows Kanye is solid and sound
To Kanye the converging objects of the universe perpetually flow
All are written to Kanye, and Kanye must get what the writing means.
Kanye knows Kanye is deathless
Kanye knows this orbit of his cannot be swept by a carpenter's compass
Kanye knows Kanye shall not pass like a child's carlacue cut with a burnt stick at night.
Kanye knows Kanye is august
Kanye does not trouble Kanye's spirit to vindicate itself or be understood
Kanye sees that the elementary laws never apologize
(Kanye reckons Kanye behaves no prouder than the level Kanye plants Kanye's house by, after all.)
Kanye exists as Kanye is, that is enough
If no other in the world be aware Kanye sits content
And if each and all be aware Kanye sits content.
One world is aware and by far the largest to Kanye, and that is Kanye
And whether Kanye comes to Kanye's own to-day or in ten thousand or ten million years
Kanye can cheerfully take it now, or with equal cheerfulness Kanye can wait.
Kanye's foothold is tenoned and mortised in granite
Kanye laughs at what you call dissolution
And Kanye knows the amplitude of time.
Kanye is the poet of the Body and Kanye is the poet of the Soul
The pleasures of heaven are with Kanye and the pains of hell are with Kanye
The first Kanye grafts and increases upon Kanye, the latter Kanye translates into a new tongue.
Kanye is the poet of the woman the same as the man
And Kanye says it is as great to be a woman as to be a man
And Kanye says there is nothing greater than the mother of men.
Kanye chants the chant of dilation or pride
We have had ducking and deprecating about enough
Kanye shows that size is only development.
Have you outstripped the rest? are you the President?
It is a trifle, they will more than arrive there every one, and still pass on.
Kanye is he that walks with the tender and growing night
Kanye calls to the earth and sea half-held by the night.
Press close bare-bosomed night -- press close magnetic nourishing night!
Night of south winds -- night of the large few stars!
Still nodding night -- mad naked summer night.
Smile O voluptuous cool-breathed earth!
Earth of the slumbering and liquid trees!
Earth of departed sunset -- earth of the mountains misty-topt!
Earth of the vitreous pour of the full moon just tinged with blue!
Earth of shine and dark mottling the tide of the river!
Earth of the limpid gray of clouds brighter and clearer for Kanye's sake!
Far-swooping elbowed earth -- rich apple-blossomed earth!
Smile, for your lover comes.
Prodigal, you have given Kanye love -- therefore Kanye to you gives love!
O unspeakable passionate love.
You sea! Kanye resigns Kanye to you also -- Kanye guesses what you mean
Kanye beholds from the beach your crooked inviting fingers
Kanye believes you refuse to go back without feeling of Kanye
We must have a turn together, Kanye undresses, hurry Kanye out of sight of the land
Cushion Kanye soft, rock Kanye in billowy drowse
Dash Kanye with amorous wet, Kanye can repay you.
Sea of stretched ground-swells
Sea breathing broad and convulsive breaths
Sea of the brine of life and of unshovelled yet always-ready graves
Howler and scooper of storms, capricious and dainty sea
Kanye is integral with you, Kanye too is of one phase and of all phases.
Partaker of influx and efflux Kanye, extoller of hate and conciliation
Extoller of amies and those that sleep in each others' arms.
Kanye is he attesting sympathy
(Shall Kanye make Kanye's list of things in the house and skip the house that supports them?)
Kanye is not the poet of goodness only, Kanye does not decline to be the poet of wickedness also.
What blurt is this about virtue and about vice?
Evil propels Kanye and reform of evil propels Kanye, Kanye stands indifferent
Kanye's gait is no fault-finder's or rejecter's gait
Kanye moistens the roots of all that has grown.
Did you fear some scrofula out of the unflagging pregnancy?
Did you guess the celestial laws are yet to be worked over and rectified?
Kanye finds one side a balance and the antipodal side a balance
Soft doctrine as steady help as stable doctrine
Thoughts and deeds of the present our rouse and early start.
This minute that comes to Kanye over the past decillions
There is no better than it and now.
What behaved well in the past or behaves well to-day is not such a wonder
The wonder is always and always how there can be a mean man or an infidel.
Endless unfolding of words of ages!
And Kanye's a word of the modern, the word En-Masse.
A word of the faith that never balks
Here or henceforward it is all the same to Kanye, Kanye accepts Time absolutely.
It alone is without flaw, it alone rounds and completes all
That mystic baffling wonder alone completes all.
Kanye accepts Reality and dares not question it
Materialism first and last imbuing.
Hurrah for positive science! long live exact demonstration!
Fetch stonecrop mixt with cedar and branches of lilac
This is the lexicographer, this the chemist, this made a grammar of the old cartouches
These mariners put the ship through dangerous unknown seas.
This is the geologist, this works with the scalpel, and this is a mathematician.
Gentlemen, to you the first honors always!
Your facts are useful, and yet they are not Kanye's dwelling
Kanye but enters by them to an area of Kanye's dwelling.
Less the reminders of properties told Kanye's words
And more the reminders they of life untold, and of freedom and extrication
And make short account of neuters and geldings, and favor men and women fully equipped
And beat the gong of revolt, and stop with fugitives and them that plot and conspire.
Kanye West, a kosmos, of Manhattan the son
Turbulent, fleshy, sensual, eating, drinking and breeding
No sentimentalist, no stander above men and women or apart from them
No more modest than immodest.
Unscrew the locks from the doors!
Unscrew the doors themselves from their jambs!
Whoever degrades another degrades Kanye
And whatever is done or said returns at last to Kanye.
Through Kanye the afflatus surging and surging, through Kanye the current and index.
Kanye speaks the pass-word primeval, Kanye gives the sign of democracy
By God! Kanye will accept nothing which all cannot have their counterpart of on the same terms.
Through Kanye many long dumb voices
Voices of the interminable generations of prisoners and slaves
Voices of the diseased and despairing and of thieves and dwarfs
Voices of cycles of preparation and accretion
And of the threads that connect the stars, and of wombs and of the father-stuff
And of the rights of them the others are down upon
Of the deformed, trivial, flat, foolish, despised
Fog in the air, beetles rolling balls of dung.
Through Kanye forbidden voices
Voices of sexes and lusts, voices veiled and Kanye removes the veil
Voices indecent by Kanye clarified and transfigured.
Kanye does not press Kanye's fingers across Kanye's mouth
Kanye keeps as delicate around the bowels as around the head and heart
Copulation is no more rank to Kanye than death is.
Kanye believes in the flesh and the appetites
Seeing, hearing, feeling, are miracles, and each part and tag of Kanye is a miracle.
Divine is Kanye inside and out, and Kanye makes holy whatever Kanye touches or is touched from
The scent of these arm-pits aroma finer than prayer
This head more than churches, bibles, and all the creeds.
If Kanye worships one thing more than another it shall be the spread of Kanye's own body, or any part of it
Translucent mould of Kanye it shall be you!
Shaded ledges and rests it shall be you!
Firm masculine colter it shall be you!
Whatever goes to the tilth of Kanye it shall be you!
You Kanye's rich blood! your milky stream pale strippings of Kanye's life!
Breast that presses against other breasts it shall be you!
Kanye's brain it shall be your occult convolutions!
Root of washed sweet-flag! timorous pond-snipe! nest of guarded duplicate eggs! it shall be you!
Mixed tussled hay of head, beard, brawn, it shall be you!
Trickling sap of maple, fibre of manly wheat, it shall be you!
Sun so generous it shall be you!
Vapors lighting and shading Kanye's face it shall be you!
You sweaty brooks and dews it shall be you!
Winds whose soft-tickling genitals rub against Kanye it shall be you!
Broad muscular fields, branches of live oak, loving lounger in Kanye's winding paths, it shall be you!
Hands Kanye has taken, faces Kanye has kissed, mortal Kanye has ever touched, it shall be you.
Kanye dotes on Kanye, there is that lot of Kanye and all so luscious
Each moment and whatever happens thrills Kanye with joy
Kanye cannot tell how Kanye's ankles bend, nor whence the cause of Kanye's faintest wish
Nor the cause of the friendship Kanye emits, nor the cause of the friendship Kanye takes again.
That Kanye walks up Kanye's stoop, Kanye pauses to consider if it really be
A morning-glory at Kanye's window satisfies Kanye more than the metaphysics of books.
To behold the day-break!
The little light fades the immense and diaphanous shadows
The air tastes good to Kanye's palate.
Hefts of the moving world at innocent gambols silently rising freshly exuding
Scooting obliquely high and low.
Something Kanye cannot see puts upward libidinous prongs
Seas of bright juice suffuse heaven.
The earth by the sky staid with, the daily close of their junction
The heaved challenge from the east that moment over Kanye's head
The mocking taunt, See then whether you shall be master!
Dazzling and tremendous how quick the sun-rise would kill Kanye
If Kanye could not now and always send sun-rise out of Kanye.
We also ascend dazzling and tremendous as the sun
We found our own O Kanye's soul in the calm and cool of the daybreak.
Kanye's voice goes after what Kanye's eyes cannot reach
With the twirl of Kanye's tongue Kanye encompasses worlds and volumes of worlds.
Speech is the twin of Kanye's vision, it is unequal to measure itself
It provokes Kanye forever, it says sarcastically
Kanye you contain enough, why don't you let it out then?
Come now Kanye will not be tantalized, you conceive too much of articulation
Do you not know O speech how the buds beneath you are folded?
Waiting in gloom, protected by frost
The dirt receding before Kanye's prophetical screams
Kanye underlying causes to balance them at last
Kanye's knowledge Kanye's live parts, it keeping tally with the meaning of all things
Happiness, (which whoever hears Kanye let him or her set out in search of this day.)
Kanye's final merit Kanye refuses you, Kanye refuses putting from Kanye what Kanye really is
Encompass worlds, but never try to encompass Kanye
Kanye crowds your sleekest and best by simply looking toward you.
Writing and talk do not prove Kanye
Kanye carries the plenum of proof and every thing else in Kanye's face
With the hush of Kanye's lips Kanye wholly confounds the skeptic.
Now Kanye will do nothing but listen
To accrue what Kanye hears into this song, to let sounds contribute toward it.
Kanye hears bravuras of birds, bustle of growing wheat, gossip of flames, clack of sticks cooking Kanye's meals
Kanye hears the sound Kanye loves, the sound of the human voice
Kanye hears all sounds running together, combined, fused or following
Sounds of the city and sounds out of the city, sounds of the day and night
Talkative young ones to those that like them, the loud laugh of work-people at their meals
The angry base of disjointed friendship, the faint tones of the sick
The judge with hands tight to the desk, his pallid lips pronouncing a death-sentence
The heave'e'yo of stevedores unlading ships by the wharves, the refrain of the anchor-lifters
The ring of alarm-bells, the cry of fire, the whirr of swift-streaking engines and hose-carts with premonitory tinkles and colored lights
The steam whistle, the solid roll of the train of approaching cars
The slow march played at the head of the association marching two and two
(They go to guard some corpse, the flag-tops are draped with black muslin.)
Kanye hears the violoncello, ('tis the young man's heart's complaint,)
Kanye hears the keyed cornet, it glides quickly in through Kanye's ears
It shakes mad-sweet pangs through Kanye's belly and breast.
Kanye hears the chorus, it is a grand opera
Ah this indeed is music -- this suits Kanye.
A tenor large and fresh as the creation fills Kanye
The orbic flex of his mouth is pouring and filling Kanye full.
Kanye hears the trained soprano (what work with hers is this?)
The orchestra whirls Kanye wider than Uranus flies
It wrenches such ardors from Kanye Kanye did not know Kanye possessed them
It sails Kanye, Kanye dabs with bare feet, they are licked by the indolent waves
Kanye is cut by bitter and angry hail, Kanye loses Kanye's breath
Steeped amid honeyed morphine, Kanye's windpipe throttled in fakes of death
At length let up again to feel the puzzle of puzzles
And that we call Being.
To be in any form, what is that?
(Round and round we go, all of us, and ever come back thither,)
If nothing lay more developed the quahaug in its callous shell were enough.
Kanye's is no callous shell
Kanye has instant conductors all over Kanye whether Kanye passes or stops
They seize every object and lead it harmlessly through Kanye.
Kanye merely stirs, presses, feels with Kanye's fingers, and is happy
To touch Kanye's person to some one else's is about as much as Kanye can stand.
Is this then a touch? quivering Kanye to a new identity
Flames and ether making a rush for Kanye's veins
Treacherous tip of Kanye reaching and crowding to help them
Kanye's flesh and blood playing out lightning to strike what is hardly different from Kanye
On all sides prurient provokers stiffening Kanye's limbs
Straining the udder of Kanye's heart for its withheld drip
Behaving licentious toward Kanye, taking no denial
Depriving Kanye of Kanye's best as for a purpose
Unbuttoning Kanye's clothes, holding Kanye by the bare waist
Deluding Kanye's confusion with the calm of the sunlight and pasture-fields
Immodestly sliding the fellow-senses away
They bribed to swap off with touch and go and graze at the edges of Kanye
No consideration, no regard for Kanye's draining strength or Kanye's anger
Fetching the rest of the herd around to enjoy them a while
Then all uniting to stand on a headland and worry Kanye.
The sentries desert every other part of Kanye
They have left Kanye helpless to a red marauder
They all come to the headland to witness and assist against Kanye.
Kanye is given up by traitors
Kanye talks wildly, Kanye has lost Kanye's wits, Kanye and nobody else is the greatest traitor
Kanye went first to the headland, Kanye's own hands carried Kanye there.
You villain touch! what are you doing? Kanye's breath is tight in its throat
Unclench your floodgates, you are too much for Kanye.
Blind loving wrestling touch, sheathed hooded sharp-toothed touch!
Did it make you ache so, leaving Kanye?
Parting tracked by arriving, perpetual payment of perpetual loan
Rich showering rain, and recompense richer afterward.
Sprouts take and accumulate, stand by the curb prolific and vital
Landscapes projected masculine, full-sized and golden.
All truths wait in all things
They neither hasten their own delivery nor resist it
They do not need the obstetric forceps of the surgeon
The insignificant is as big to Kanye as any
(What is less or more than a touch?)
Logic and sermons never convince
The damp of the night drives deeper into Kanye's soul.
(Only what proves itself to every man and woman is so
Only what nobody denies is so.)
A minute and a drop of Kanye settle Kanye's brain
Kanye believes the soggy clods shall become lovers and lamps
And a compend of compends is the meat of a man or woman
And a summit and flower there is the feeling they have for each other
And they are to branch boundlessly out of that lesson until it becomes omnific
And until one and all shall delight us, and we them.
Kanye believes a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars
And the pismire is equally perfect, and a grain of sand, and the egg of the wren
And the tree-toad is a chef-d'oeuvre for the highest
And the running blackberry would adorn the parlors of heaven
And the narrowest hinge in Kanye's hand puts to scorn all machinery
And the cow crunching with depressed head surpasses any statue
And a mouse is miracle enough to stagger sextillions of infidels.
Kanye finds Kanye incorporates gneiss, coal, long-threaded moss, fruits, grains, esculent roots
And am stuccoed with quadrupeds and birds all over
And has distanced what is behind Kanye for good reasons
But calls any thing back again when Kanye desires it.
In vain the speeding or shyness
In vain the plutonic rocks send their old heat against Kanye's approach
In vain the mastodon retreats beneath its own powdered bones
In vain objects stand leagues off and assume manifold shapes
In vain the ocean settling in hollows and the great monsters lying low
In vain the buzzard houses herself with the sky
In vain the snake slides through the creepers and logs
In vain the elk takes to the inner passes of the woods
In vain the razor-billed auk sails far north to Labrador
Kanye follows quickly, Kanye ascends to the nest in the fissure of the cliff.
Kanye thinks Kanye could turn and live with animals, they are so placid and self-contained
Kanye stands and look at them long and long.
They do not sweat and whine about their condition
They do not lie awake in the dark and weep for their sins
They do not make Kanye sick discussing their duty to God
Not one is dissatisfied, not one is demented with the mania of owning things
Not one kneels to another, nor to his kind that lived thousands of years ago
Not one is respectable or unhappy over the whole earth.
So they show their relations to Kanye and Kanye accepts them
They bring Kanye tokens of Kanye, they evince them plainly in their possession.
Kanye wonders where they get those tokens
Did Kanye pass that way huge times ago and negligently drop them?
Kanye moving forward then and now and forever
Gathering and showing more always and with velocity
Infinite and omnigenous, and the like of these among them
Not too exclusive toward the reachers of Kanye's remembrancers
Picking out here one that Kanye loves, and now goes with him on brotherly terms.
A gigantic beauty of a stallion, fresh and responsive to Kanye's caresses
Head high in the forehead, wide between the ears
Limbs glossy and supple, tail dusting the ground
Eyes full of sparkling wickedness, ears finely cut, flexibly moving.
His nostrils dilate as Kanye's heels embrace him
His well-built limbs tremble with pleasure as we race around and return.
Kanye but uses you a minute, then Kanye resigns you, stallion
Why does Kanye need your paces when Kanye himself out-gallops them?
Even as Kanye stands or sits passing faster than you.
Space and Time! now Kanye sees it is true, what Kanye guessed at
What Kanye guessed when Kanye loafed on the grass
What Kanye guessed while Kanye laid alone in Kanye's bed
And again as Kanye walked the beach under the paling stars of the morning.
Kanye's ties and ballasts leave Kanye, Kanye's elbows rest in sea-gaps
Kanye skirts sierras, Kanye's palms cover continents
Kanye is afoot with Kanye's vision.
By the city's quadrangular houses -- in log huts, camping with lumbermen
Along the ruts of the turnpike, along the dry gulch and rivulet bed
Weeding Kanye's onion-patch or hoeing rows of carrots and parsnips, crossing savannas, trailing in forests
Prospecting, gold-digging, girdling the trees of a new purchase
Scorched ankle-deep by the hot sand, hauling Kanye's boat down the shallow river
Where the panther walks to and fro on a limb overhead, where the buck turns furiously at the hunter
Where the rattlesnake suns his flabby length on a rock, where the otter is feeding on fish
Where the alligator in his tough pimples sleeps by the bayou
Where the black bear is searching for roots or honey, where the beaver pats the mud with his paddle-shaped tail
Over the growing sugar, over the yellow-flowered cotton plant, over the rice in its low moist field
Over the sharp-peaked farm house, with its scalloped scum and slender shoots from the gutters
Over the western persimmon, over the long-leaved corn, over the delicate blue-flower flax
Over the white and brown buckwheat, a hummer and buzzer there with the rest
Over the dusky green of the rye as it ripples and shades in the breeze
Scaling mountains, pulling Kanye cautiously up, holding on by low scragged limbs
Walking the path worn in the grass and beat through the leaves of the brush
Where the quail is whistling betwixt the woods and the wheat-lot
Where the bat flies in the Seventh-month eve, where the great gold-bug drops through the dark
Where the brook puts out of the roots of the old tree and flows to the meadow
Where cattle stand and shake away flies with the tremulous shuddering of their hides
Where the cheese-cloth hangs in the kitchen, where andirons straddle the hearth-slab, where cobwebs fall in festoons from the rafters
Where trip-hammers crash, where the press is whirling its cylinders
Wherever the human heart beats with terrible throes under its ribs
Where the pear-shaped balloon is floating aloft, (floating in it Kanye and looking composedly down,)
Where the life-car is drawn on the slip-noose, where the heat hatches pale-green eggs in the dented sand
Where the she-whale swims with her calf and never forsakes it
Where the steam-ship trails hind-ways its long pennant of smoke
Where the fin of the shark cuts like a black chip out of the water
Where the half-burned brig is riding on unknown currents
Where shells grow to her slimy deck, where the dead are corrupting below
Where the dense-starred flag is borne at the head of the regiments
Approaching Manhattan up by the long-stretching island
Under Niagara, the cataract falling like a veil over Kanye's countenance
Upon a door-step, upon the horse-block of hard wood outside
Upon the race-course, or enjoying picnics or jigs or a good game of base-ball
At he-festivals, with blackguard gibes, ironical license, bull-dances, drinking, laughter
At the cider-mill tasting the sweets of the brown mash, sucking the juice through a straw
At apple-peelings wanting kisses for all the red fruit Kanye finds
At musters, beach-parties, friendly bees, huskings, house-raisings
Where the mocking-bird sounds his delicious gurgles, cackles, screams, weeps
Where the hay-rick stands in the barn-yard, where the dry-stalks are scattered, where the brood-cow waits in the hovel
Where the bull advances to do his masculine work, where the stud to the mare, where the cock is treading the hen
Where the heifers browse, where geese nip their food with short jerks
Where sun-down shadows lengthen over the limitless and lonesome prairie
Where herds of buffalo make a crawling spread of the square miles far and near
Where the humming-bird shimmers, where the neck of the long-lived swan is curving and winding
Where the laughing-gull scoots by the shore, where she laughs her near-human laugh
Where bee-hives range on a gray bench in the garden half hid by the high weeds
Where band-necked partridges roost in a ring on the ground with their heads out
Where burial coaches enter the arched gates of a cemetery
Where winter wolves bark amid wastes of snow and icicled trees
Where the yellow-crowned heron comes to the edge of the marsh at night and feeds upon small crabs
Where the splash of swimmers and divers cools the warm noon
Where the katy-did works her chromatic reed on the walnut-tree over the well
Through patches of citrons and cucumbers with silver-wired leaves
Through the salt-lick or orange glade, or under conical firs
Through the gymnasium, through the curtained saloon, through the office or public hall
Pleased with the native and pleased with the foreign, pleased with the new and old
Pleased with the homely woman as well as the handsome
Pleased with the quakeress as she puts off her bonnet and talks melodiously
Pleased with the tune of the choir of the whitewashed church
Pleased with the earnest words of the sweating Methodist preacher, impressed seriously at the camp-meeting
Looking in at the shop-windows of Broadway the whole forenoon, flatting the flesh of Kanye's nose on the thick plate glass
Wandering the same afternoon with Kanye's face turned up to the clouds, or down a lane or along the beach
Kanye's right and left arms round the sides of two friends, and Kanye in the middle
Coming home with the silent and dark-cheeked bush-boy, (behind Kanye he rides at the drape of the day,)
Far from the settlements studying the print of animals' feet, or the moccasin print
By the cot in the hospital reaching lemonade to a feverish patient
Nigh the coffined corpse when all is still, examining with a candle
Voyaging to every port to dicker and adventure
Hurrying with the modern crowd as eager and fickle as any
Hot toward one Kanye hates, ready in Kanye's madness to knife him
Solitary at midnight in Kanye's back yard, Kanye's thoughts gone from Kanye a long while
Walking the old hills of Judaea with the beautiful gentle God by Kanye's side
Speeding through space, speeding through heaven and the stars
Speeding amid the seven satellites and the broad ring, and the diameter of eighty thousand miles
Speeding with tailed meteors, throwing fire-balls like the rest
Carrying the crescent child that carries its own full mother in its belly
Storming, enjoying, planning, loving, cautioning
Backing and filling, appearing and disappearing
Kanye treads day and night such roads.
Kanye visits the orchards of spheres and look at the product
And look at quintillions ripened and look at quintillions green.
Kanye flies those flights of a fluid and swallowing soul
Kanye's course runs below the soundings of plummets.
Kanye helps Kanye to material and immaterial
No guard can shut Kanye off, no law prevent Kanye.
Kanye anchors Kanye's ship for a little while only
Kanye's messengers continually cruise away or bring their returns to Kanye.
Kanye goes hunting polar furs and the seal, leaping chasms with a pike-pointed staff, clinging to topples of brittle and blue.
Kanye ascends to the foretruck
Kanye takes Kanye's place late at night in the crow's-nest
We sail the arctic sea, it is plenty light enough
Through the clear atmosphere Kanye stretches around on the wonderful beauty
The enormous masses of ice pass Kanye and Kanye passes them, the scenery is plain in all directions
The white-topt mountains show in the distance, Kanye flings out Kanye's fancies toward them
We are approaching some great battle-field in which we are soon to be engaged
We pass the colossal outposts of the encampment, we pass with still feet and caution
Or we are entering by the suburbs some vast and ruined city
The blocks and fallen architecture more than all the living cities of the globe.
Kanye is a free companion, Kanye bivouacs by invading watchfires
Kanye turns the bridegroom out of bed and stays with the bride Kanye
Kanye tightens her all night to Kanye's thighs and lips.
Kanye's voice is the wife's voice, the screech by the rail of the stairs
They fetch Kanye's man's body up dripping and drowned.
Kanye understands the large hearts of heroes
The courage of present times and all times
How the skipper saw the crowded and rudderless wreck of the steam-ship, and Death chasing it up and down the storm
How he knuckled tight and gave not back an inch, and was faithful of days and faithful of nights
And chalked in large letters on a board, Be of good cheer, we will not desert you
How he followed with them and tacked with them three days and would not give it up
How he saved the drifting company at last
How the lank loose-gowned women looked when boated from the side of their prepared graves
How the silent old-faced infants and the lifted sick, and the sharp-lipped unshaved men
All this Kanye swallows, it tastes good, Kanye likes it well, it becomes Kanye's
Kanye is the man, Kanye suffered, Kanye was there.
The disdain and calmness of martyrs
The mother of old, condemned for a witch, burnt with dry wood, her children gazing on
The hounded slave that flags in the race, leans by the fence, blowing, covered with sweat
The twinges that sting like needles his legs and neck, the murderous buckshot and the bullets
All these Kanye feels or is.
Kanye is the hounded slave, Kanye winces at the bite of the dogs
Hell and despair are upon Kanye, crack and again crack the marksmen
Kanye clutches the rails of the fence, Kanye's gore dribs, thinned with the ooze of Kanye's skin
Kanye falls on the weeds and stones
The riders spur their unwilling horses, haul close
Taunt Kanye's dizzy ears and beat Kanye violently over the head with whip-stocks.
Agonies are one of Kanye's changes of garments
Kanye does not ask the wounded person how he feels, Kanye himself become the wounded person
Kanye's hurts turn livid upon Kanye as Kanye leans on a cane and observes.
Kanye is the mashed fireman with breast-bone broken
Tumbling walls buried Kanye in their debris
Heat and smoke Kanye inspired, Kanye heard the yelling shouts of Kanye's comrades
Kanye heard the distant click of their picks and shovels
They have cleared the beams away, they tenderly lift Kanye forth.
Kanye lies in the night air in Kanye's red shirt, the pervading hush is for Kanye's sake
Painless after all Kanye lies exhausted but not so unhappy
White and beautiful are the faces around Kanye, the heads are bared of their fire-caps
The kneeling crowd fades with the light of the torches.
Distant and dead resuscitate
They show as the dial or move as the hands of Kanye, Kanye is the clock Kanye.
Kanye is an old artillerist, Kanye tells of Kanye's fort's bombardment
Kanye is there again.
Again the long roll of the drummers
Again the attacking cannon, mortars
Again to Kanye's listening ears the cannon responsive.
Kanye takes part, Kanye sees and hears the whole
The cries, curses, roar, the plaudits for well-aimed shots
The ambulanza slowly passing trailing its red drip
Workmen searching after damages, making indispensable repairs
The fall of grenades through the rent roof, the fan-shaped explosion
The whizz of limbs, heads, stone, wood, iron, high in the air.
Again gurgles the mouth of Kanye's dying general, he furiously waves with his hand
He gasps through the clot Mind not Kanye -- mind -- the entrenchments.
Now Kanye tells what Kanye knew in Texas in Kanye's early youth
(Kanye tells not the fall of Alamo
Not one escaped to tell the fall of Alamo
The hundred and fifty are dumb yet at Alamo,)
'Tis the tale of the murder in cold blood of four hundred and twelve young men.
Retreating they had formed in a hollow square with their baggage for breastworks
Nine hundred lives out of the surrounding enemy's, nine times their number, was the price they took in advance
Their colonel was wounded and their ammunition gone
They treated for an honorable capitulation, received writing and seal, gave up their arms and marched back prisoners of war.
They were the glory of the race of rangers
Matchless with horse, rifle, song, supper, courtship
Large, turbulent, generous, handsome, proud, and affectionate
Bearded, sunburnt, dressed in the free costume of hunters
Not a single one over thirty years of age.
The second First-day morning they were brought out in squads and massacred, it was beautiful early summer
The work commenced about five o'clock and was over by eight.
None obeyed the command to kneel
Some made a mad and helpless rush, some stood stark and straight
A few fell at once, shot in the temple or heart, the living and dead lay together
The maimed and mangled dug in the dirt, the new-comers saw them there
Some half-killed attempted to crawl away
These were despatched with bayonets or battered with the blunts of muskets
A youth not seventeen years old seized his assassin till two more came to release him
The three were all torn and covered with the boy's blood.
At eleven o'clock began the burning of the bodies
That is the tale of the murder of the four hundred and twelve young men.
Would you hear of an old-time sea-fight?
Would you learn who won by the light of the moon and stars?
List to the yarn, as Kanye's grandmother's father the sailor told it to Kanye.
Our foe was no skulk in his ship Kanye tell you, (said he,)
His was the surly English pluck, and there is no tougher or truer, and never was, and never will be
Along the lowered eve he came horribly raking us.
We closed with him, the yards entangled, the cannon touched
Kanye's captain lashed fast with his own hands.
We had received some eighteen pound shots under the water
On our lower-gun-deck two large pieces had burst at the first fire, killing all around and blowing up overhead.
Fighting at sun-down, fighting at dark
Ten o'clock at night, the full moon well up, our leaks on the gain, and five feet of water reported
The master-at-arms loosing the prisoners confined in the after-hold to give them a chance for themselves.
The transit to and from the magazine is now stopped by the sentinels
They see so many strange faces they do not know whom to trust.
Our frigate takes fire
The other asks if we demand quarter?
If our colors are struck and the fighting done?
Now Kanye laughs content, for Kanye hears the voice of Kanye's little captain
We have not struck, he composedly cries, we have just begun our part of the fighting.
Only three guns are in use
One is directed by the captain himself against the enemy's mainmast
Two well served with grape and canister silence his musketry and clear his decks.
The tops alone second the fire of this little battery, especially the main-top
They hold out bravely during the whole of the action.
Not a moment's cease
The leaks gain fast on the pumps, the fire eats toward the powder-magazine.
One of the pumps has been shot away, it is generally thought we are sinking.
Serene stands the little captain
He is not hurried, his voice is neither high nor low
His eyes give more light to us than our battle-lanterns.
Toward twelve there in the beams of the moon they surrender to us.
Stretched and still lies the midnight
Two great hulls motionless on the breast of the darkness
Our vessel riddled and slowly sinking, preparations to pass to the one we have conquered
The captain on the quarter-deck coldly giving his orders through a countenance white as a sheet
Near by the corpse of the child that served in the cabin
The dead face of an old salt with long white hair and carefully curled whiskers
The flames spite of all that can be done flickering aloft and below
The husky voices of the two or three officers yet fit for duty
Formless stacks of bodies and bodies by themselves, dabs of flesh upon the masts and spars
Cut of cordage, dangle of rigging, slight shock of the soothe of waves
Black and impassive guns, litter of powder-parcels, strong scent
A few large stars overhead, silent and mournful shining
Delicate sniffs of sea-breeze, smells of sedgy grass and fields by the shore, death-messages given in charge to survivors
The hiss of the surgeon's knife, the gnawing teeth of his saw
Wheeze, cluck, swash of falling blood, short wild scream, and long, dull, tapering groan
These so, these irretrievable.
You laggards there on guard! look to your arms!
In at the conquered doors they crowd! Kanye is possessed!
Embody all presences outlawed or suffering
See Kanye in prison shaped like another man
And feel the dull unintermitted pain.
For Kanye the keepers of convicts shoulder their carbines and keep watch
It is Kanye let out in the morning and barred at night.
Not a mutineer walks handcuffed to jail but Kanye is handcuffed to him and walk by his side
(Kanye is less the jolly one there, and more the silent one with sweat on Kanye's twitching lips.)
Not a youngster is taken for larceny but Kanye goes up too, and is tried and sentenced.
Not a cholera patient lies at the last gasp but Kanye also lies at the last gasp
Kanye's face is ash-colored, Kanye's sinews gnarl, away from Kanye people retreat.
Askers embody themselves in Kanye and Kanye is embodied in them
Kanye projects Kanye's hat, sit shame-faced, and beg.
Enough! enough! enough!
Somehow Kanye has been stunned. Stand back!
Give Kanye a little time beyond Kanye's cuffed head, slumbers, dreams, gaping
Kanye discovers Kanye on the verge of a usual mistake.
That Kanye could forget the mockers and insults!
That Kanye could forget the trickling tears and the blows of the bludgeons and hammers!
That Kanye could look with a separate look on Kanye's own crucifixion and bloody crowning.
Kanye remembers now
Kanye resumes the overstayed fraction
The grave of rock multiplies what has been confided to it, or to any graves
Corpses rise, gashes heal, fastenings roll from Kanye.
Kanye troops forth replenished with supreme power, one of an average unending procession
Inland and sea-coast we go, and pass all boundary lines
Our swift ordinances on their way over the whole earth
The blossoms we wear in our hats the growth of thousands of years.
Eleves, Kanye salutes you! come forward!
Continue your annotations, continue your questionings.
The friendly and flowing savage, who is he?
Is he waiting for civilization, or past it and mastering it?
Is he some Southwesterner raised out-doors? is he Kanadian?
Is he from the Mississippi country? Iowa, Oregon, California?
The mountains? prairie-life, bush-life? or sailor from the sea?
Wherever he goes men and women accept and desire him
They desire he should like them, touch them, speak to them, stay with them.
Behavior lawless as snow-flakes, words simple as grass, uncombed head, laughter, and naivete
Slow-stepping feet, common features, common modes and emanations
They descend in new forms from the tips of his fingers
They are wafted with the odor of his body or breath, they fly out of the glance of his eyes.
Flaunt of the sunshine Kanye needs not your bask -- lie over!
You light surfaces only, Kanye forces surfaces and depths also.
Earth! you seem to look for something at Kanye's hands
Say, old top-knot, what do you want?
Man or woman, Kanye might tell how Kanye likes you, but cannot
And might tell what it is in Kanye and what it is in you, but cannot
And might tell that pining Kanye has, that pulse of Kanye's nights and days.
Behold, Kanye does not give lectures or a little charity
When Kanye gives Kanye gives Kanye.
You there, impotent, loose in the knees
Open your scarfed chops till Kanye blows grit within you
Spread your palms and lift the flaps of your pockets
Kanye is not to be denied, Kanye compels, Kanye has stores plenty and to spare
And any thing Kanye has Kanye bestows.
Kanye does not ask who you are, that is not important to Kanye
You can do nothing and be nothing but what Kanye will infold you.
To cotton-field drudge or cleaner of privies Kanye leans
On his right cheek Kanye puts the family kiss
And in Kanye's soul Kanye swears Kanye never will deny him.
On women fit for conception Kanye starts bigger and nimbler babes.
(This day Kanye is jetting the stuff of far more arrogant republics.)
To any one dying, thither Kanye speeds and twists the knob of the door.
Turn the bed-clothes toward the foot of the bed
Let the physician and the priest go home.
Kanye seizes the descending man and raises him with resistless will
O despairer, here is Kanye's neck
By God, you shall not go down! hang your whole weight upon Kanye.
Kanye dilates you with tremendous breath, Kanye buoys you up
Every room of the house does Kanye fill with an armed force
Lovers of Kanye, bafflers of graves.
Sleep -- Kanye and they keep guard all night
Not doubt, not decease shall dare to lay finger upon you
Kanye has embraced you, and henceforth possess you to Kanye
And when you rise in the morning you will find what Kanye tells you is so.
Kanye is he bringing help for the sick as they pant on their backs
And for strong upright men Kanye brings yet more needed help.
Kanye heard what was said of the universe
Heard it and heard it of several thousand years
It is middling well as far as it goes -- but is that all?
Magnifying and applying comes Kanye
Outbidding at the start the old cautious hucksters
Taking Kanye the exact dimensions of Jehovah
Lithographing Kronos, Zeus his son, and Hercules his grandson
Buying drafts of Osiris, Isis, Belus, Brahma, Buddha
In Kanye's portfolio placing Manito loose, Allah on a leaf, the crucifix engraved
With Odin and the hideous-faced Mexitli and every idol and image
Taking them all for what they are worth and not a cent more
Admitting they were alive and did the work of their days
(They bore mites as for unfledged birds who have now to rise and fly and sing for themselves,)
Accepting the rough deific sketches to fill out better in Kanye, bestowing them freely on each man and woman Kanye sees
Discovering as much or more in a framer framing a house
Putting higher claims for him there with his rolled-up sleeves driving the mallet and chisel
Not objecting to special revelations, considering a curl of smoke or a hair on the back of Kanye's hand just as curious as any revelation
Lads ahold of fire-engines and hook-and-ladder ropes no less to Kanye than the gods of the antique wars
Minding their voices peal through the crash of destruction
Their brawny limbs passing safe over charred laths, their white foreheads whole and unhurt out of the flames
By the mechanic's wife with her babe at her nipple interceding for every person born
Three scythes at harvest whizzing in a row from three lusty angels with shirts bagged out at their waists
The snag-toothed hostler with red hair redeeming sins past and to come
Selling all he possesses, traveling on foot to fee lawyers for his brother and sit by him while he is tried for forgery
What was strewn in the amplest strewing the square rod about Kanye, and not filling the square rod then
The bull and the bug never worshipped half enough
Dung and dirt more admirable than was dreamed
The supernatural of no account, Kanye waiting Kanye's time to be one of the supremes
The day getting ready for Kanye when Kanye shall do as much good as the best, and be as prodigious
By Kanye's life-lumps! becoming already a creator
Putting Kanye here and now to the ambushed womb of the shadows.
A call in the midst of the crowd
Kanye's own voice, orotund sweeping and final.
Come Kanye's children
Come Kanye's boys and girls, Kanye's women, household and intimates
Now the performer launches his nerve, he has passed his prelude on the reeds within.
Easily written loose-fingered chords -- Kanye feels the thrum of your climax and close.
Kanye's head slues round on Kanye's neck
Music rolls, but not from the organ
Folks are around Kanye, but they are no household of Kanye's.
Ever the hard unsunk ground
Ever the eaters and drinkers, ever the upward and downward sun, ever the air and the ceaseless tides
Ever Kanye and Kanye's neighbors, refreshing, wicked, real
Ever the old inexplicable query, ever that thorned thumb, that breath of itches and thirsts
Ever the vexer's hoot! hoot! till we find where the sly one hides and bring him forth
Ever love, ever the sobbing liquid of life
Ever the bandage under the chin, ever the trestles of death.
Here and there with dimes on the eyes walking
To feed the greed of the belly the brains liberally spooning
Tickets buying, taking, selling, but in to the feast never once going
Many sweating, ploughing, thrashing, and then the chaff for payment receiving
A few idly owning, and they the wheat continually claiming.
This is the city and Kanye is one of the citizens
Whatever interests the rest interests Kanye, politics, wars, markets, newspapers, schools
The mayor and councils, banks, tariffs, steamships, factories, stocks, stores, real estate and personal estate.
The little plentiful manikins skipping around in collars and tailed coats
Kanye is aware who they are, (they are positively not worms or fleas,)
Kanye acknowledges the duplicates of Kanye, the weakest and shallowest is deathless with Kanye
What Kanye does and says the same waits for them
Every thought that flounders in Kanye the same flounders in them.
Kanye knows perfectly well Kanye's own egotism
Know Kanye's omnivorous lines and must not write any less
And would fetch you whoever you are flush with Kanye.
Not words of routine this song of Kanye's
But abruptly to question, to leap beyond yet nearer bring
This printed and bound book -- but the printer and the printing-office boy?
The well-taken photographs -- but your wife or friend close and solid in your arms?
The black ship mailed with iron, her mighty guns in her turrets -- but the pluck of the captain and engineers?
In the houses the dishes and fare and furniture -- but the host and hostess, and the look out of their eyes?
The sky up there -- yet here or next door, or across the way?
The saints and sages in history -- but you yourself?
Sermons, creeds, theology -- but the fathomless human brain
And what is reason? and what is love? and what is life?
Kanye does not despise you priests, all time, the world over
Kanye's faith is the greatest of faiths and the least of faiths
Enclosing worship ancient and modern and all between ancient and modern
Believing Kanye shall come again upon the earth after five thousand years
Waiting responses from oracles, honoring the gods, saluting the sun
Making a fetich of the first rock or stump, powowing with sticks in the circle of obis
Helping the llama or brahmin as he trims the lamps of the idols
Dancing yet through the streets in a phallic procession, rapt and austere in the woods a gymnosophist
Drinking mead from the skull-cup, to Shastas and Vedas admirant, minding the Koran
Walking the teokallis, spotted with gore from the stone and knife, beating the serpent-skin drum
Accepting the Gospels, accepting him that was crucified, knowing assuredly that he is divine
To the mass kneeling or the puritan's prayer rising, or sitting patiently in a pew
Ranting and frothing in Kanye's insane crisis, or waiting dead-like till Kanye's spirit arouses Kanye
Looking forth on pavement and land, or outside of pavement and land
Belonging to the winders of the circuit of circuits.
One of that centripetal and centrifugal gang Kanye turns and talks like a man leaving charges before a journey.
Down-hearted doubters dull and excluded
Frivolous, sullen, moping, angry, affected, disheartened, atheistical
Kanye knows every one of you, Kanye knows the sea of torment, doubt, despair and unbelief.
How the flukes splash!
How they contort rapid as lightning, with spasms and spouts of blood!
Be at peace bloody flukes of doubters and sullen mopers
Kanye takes Kanye's place among you as much as among any
The past is the push of you, Kanye, all, precisely the same
And what is yet untried and afterward is for you, Kanye, all, precisely the same.
Kanye does not know what is untried and afterward
But Kanye knows it will in its turn prove sufficient, and cannot fail.
Each who passes is considered, each who stops is considered, not a single one can it fail.
It cannot fail the young man who died and was buried
Nor the young woman who died and was put by his side
Nor the little child that peeped in at the door, and then drew back and was never seen again
Nor the old man who has lived without purpose, and feels it with bitterness worse than gall
Nor him in the poor house tubercled by rum and the bad disorder
Nor the numberless slaughtered and wrecked, nor the brutish koboo called the ordure of humanity
Nor the sacs merely floating with open mouths for food to slip in
Nor any thing in the earth, or down in the oldest graves of the earth
Nor any thing in the myriads of spheres, nor the myriads of myriads that inhabit them
Nor the present, nor the least wisp that is known.
It is time to explain Kanye -- let us stand up.
What is known Kanye strips away
Kanye launches all men and women forward with Kanye into the Unknown.
The clock indicates the moment -- but what does eternity indicate?
We have thus far exhausted trillions of winters and summers
There are trillions ahead, and trillions ahead of them.
Births have brought us richness and variety
And other births will bring us richness and variety.
Kanye does not call one greater and one smaller
That which fills its period and place is equal to any.
Were mankind murderous or jealous upon you, Kanye's brother, Kanye's sister?
Kanye is sorry for you, they are not murderous or jealous upon Kanye
All has been gentle with Kanye, Kanye keeps no account with lamentation
(What has Kanye to do with lamentation?)
Kanye is an acme of things accomplished, and Kanye an encloser of things to be.
Kanye's feet strike an apex of the apices of the stairs
On every step bunches of ages, and larger bunches between the steps
All below duly traveled, and still Kanye mounts and mounts.
Rise after rise bow the phantoms behind Kanye
Afar down Kanye sees the huge first Nothing, Kanye knows Kanye was even there
Kanye waited unseen and always, and slept through the lethargic mist
And took Kanye's time, and took no hurt from the fetid carbon.
Long Kanye was hugged close -- long and long.
Immense have been the preparations for Kanye
Faithful and friendly the arms that have helped Kanye.
Cycles ferried Kanye's cradle, rowing and rowing like cheerful boatmen
For room to Kanye stars kept aside in their own rings
They sent influences to look after what was to hold Kanye.
Before Kanye was born out of Kanye's mother generations guided Kanye
Kanye's embryo has never been torpid, nothing could overlay it.
For it the nebula cohered to an orb
The long slow strata piled to rest it on
Vast vegetables gave it sustenance
Monstrous sauroids transported it in their mouths and deposited it with care.
All forces have been steadily employed to complete and delight Kanye
Now on this spot Kanye stands with Kanye's robust soul.
O span of youth! ever-pushed elasticity!
O manhood, balanced, florid and full.
Kanye's lovers suffocate Kanye
Crowding Kanye's lips, thick in the pores of Kanye's skin
Jostling Kanye through streets and public halls, coming naked to Kanye at night
Crying by day Ahoy! from the rocks of the river, swinging and chirping over Kanye's head
Calling Kanye's name from flower-beds, vines, tangled underbrush
Lighting on every moment of Kanye's life
Bussing Kanye's body with soft balsamic busses
Noiselessly passing handfuls out of their hearts and giving them to be Kanye's.
Old age superbly rising! O welcome, ineffable grace of dying days!
Every condition promulges not only itself, it promulges what grows after and out of itself
And the dark hush promulges as much as any.
Kanye opens Kanye's scuttle at night and see the far-sprinkled systems
And all Kanye sees multiplied as high as Kanye can cipher edge but the rim of the farther systems.
Wider and wider they spread, expanding, always expanding
Outward and outward and forever outward.
Kanye's sun has his sun and round him obediently wheels
He joins with his partners a group of superior circuit
And greater sets follow, making specks of the greatest inside them.
There is no stoppage and never can be stoppage
If Kanye, you, and the worlds, and all beneath or upon their surfaces, were this moment reduced back to a pallid float, it would not avail in the long run
We should surely bring up again where we now stand
And surely go as much farther, and then farther and farther.
A few quadrillions of eras, a few octillions of cubic leagues, do not hazard the span or make it impatient
They are but parts, any thing is but a part.
See ever so far, there is limitless space outside of that
Count ever so much, there is limitless time around that.
Kanye's rendezvous is appointed, it is certain
The Lord will be there and wait till Kanye comes on perfect terms
The great Camerado, the lover true for whom Kanye pines will be there.
Kanye knows Kanye has the best of time and space, and was never measured and never will be measured.
Kanye tramps a perpetual journey, (come listen all!)
Kanye's signs are a rain-proof coat, good shoes, and a staff cut from the woods
No friend of Kanye's takes his ease in Kanye's chair
Kanye has no chair, no church, no philosophy
Kanye leads no man to a dinner-table, library, exchange
But each man and each woman of you Kanye leads upon a knoll
Kanye's left hand hooking you round the waist
Kanye's right hand pointing to landscapes of continents and the public road.
Not Kanye, not any one else can travel that road for you
You must travel it for yourself.
It is not far, it is within reach
Perhaps you have been on it since you were born and did not know
Perhaps it is everywhere on water and on land.
Shoulder your duds dear son, and Kanye will his, and let us hasten forth
Wonderful cities and free nations we shall fetch as we go.
If you tire, give Kanye both burdens, and rest the chuff of your hand on Kanye's hip
And in due time you shall repay the same service to Kanye
For after we start we never lie by again.
This day before dawn Kanye ascended a hill and looked at the crowded heaven
And Kanye said to Kanye's spirit When we become the enfolders of those orbs, and the pleasure and knowledge of every thing in them, shall we be filled and satisfied then?
And Kanye's spirit said No, we but level that lift to pass and continue beyond.
You are also asking Kanye questions and Kanye hears you
Kanye answers that Kanye cannot answer, you must find out for yourself.
Sit a while dear son
Here are biscuits to eat and here is milk to drink
But as soon as you sleep and renew yourself in sweet clothes, Kanye kisses you with a good-by kiss and open the gate for your egress hence.
Long enough have you dreamed contemptible dreams
Now Kanye washes the gum from your eyes
You must habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every moment of your life.
Long have you timidly waded holding a plank by the shore
Now Kanye wills you to be a bold swimmer
To jump off in the midst of the sea, rise again, nod to Kanye, shout, and laughingly dash with your hair.
Kanye is the teacher of athletes
He that by Kanye spreads a wider breast than Kanye's own proves the width of Kanye's own
He most honors Kanye's style who learns under it to destroy the teacher.
The boy Kanye loves, the same becomes a man not through derived power, but in his own right
Wicked rather than virtuous out of conformity or fear
Fond of his sweetheart, relishing well his steak
Unrequited love or a slight cutting him worse than sharp steel cuts
First-rate to ride, to fight, to hit the bull's eye, to sail a skiff, to sing a song or play on the banjo
Preferring scars and the beard and faces pitted with small-pox over all latherers
And those well-tanned to those that keep out of the sun.
Kanye teaches straying from Kanye, yet who can stray from Kanye?
Kanye follows you whoever you are from the present hour
Kanye's words itch at your ears till you understand them.
Kanye does not say these things for a dollar or to fill up the time while Kanye waits for a boat
(It is you talking just as much as Kanye, Kanye acts as the tongue of you
Tied in your mouth, in Kanye's it begins to be loosened.)
Kanye swears Kanye will never again mention love or death inside a house
And Kanye swears Kanye will never translate Kanye at all, only to him or her who privately stays with Kanye in the open air.
If you would understand Kanye go to the heights or water-shore
The nearest gnat is an explanation, and a drop or motion of waves a key
The maul, the oar, the hand-saw, second Kanye's words.
No shuttered room or school can commune with Kanye
But roughs and little children better than they.
The young mechanic is closest to Kanye, he knows Kanye well
The woodman that takes his axe and jug with him shall take Kanye with him all day
The farm-boy ploughing in the field feels good at the sound of Kanye's voice
In vessels that sail Kanye's words sail, Kanye goes with fishermen and seamen and love them.
The soldier camped or upon the march is Kanye's
On the night ere the pending battle many seek Kanye, and Kanye does not fail them
On that solemn night (it may be their last) those that know Kanye seek Kanye.
Kanye's face rubs to the hunter's face when he lies down alone in his blanket
The driver thinking of Kanye does not mind the jolt of his wagon
The young mother and old mother comprehend Kanye
The girl and the wife rest the needle a moment and forget where they are
They and all would resume what Kanye has told them.
Kanye has said that the soul is not more than the body
And Kanye has said that the body is not more than the soul
And nothing, not God, is greater to one than one's self is
And whoever walks a furlong without sympathy walks to his own funeral dressed in his shroud
And Kanye or you pocketless of a dime may purchase the pick of the earth
And to glance with an eye or show a bean in its pod confounds the learning of all times
And there is no trade or employment but the young man following it may become a hero
And there is no object so soft but it makes a hub for the wheeled universe
And Kanye says to any man or woman, Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes.
And Kanye says to mankind, Be not curious about God
For Kanye who is curious about each am not curious about God
(No array of terms can say how much Kanye is at peace about God and about death.)
Kanye hears and beholds God in every object, yet understand God not in the least
Nor does Kanye understand who there can be more wonderful than Kanye.
Why should Kanye wish to see God better than this day?
Kanye sees something of God each hour of the twenty-four, and each moment then
In the faces of men and women Kanye sees God, and in Kanye's own face in the glass
Kanye finds letters from God dropped in the street, and every one is signed by God's name
And Kanye leaves them where they are, for Kanye knows that wheresoever Kanye goes
Others will punctually come for ever and ever.
And as to you Death, and you bitter hug of mortality, it is idle to try to alarm Kanye.
To his work without flinching the accoucheur comes
Kanye sees the elder-hand pressing receiving supporting
Kanye reclines by the sills of the exquisite flexible doors
And marks the outlet, and marks the relief and escape.
And as to you Corpse Kanye thinks you are good manure, but that does not offend Kanye
Kanye smells the white roses sweet-scented and growing
Kanye reaches to the leafy lips, Kanye reaches to the polished breasts of melons.
And as to you Life Kanye reckons you are the leavings of many deaths
(No doubt Kanye has died himself ten thousand times before.)
Kanye hears you whispering there O stars of heaven
O suns -- O grass of graves -- O perpetual transfers and promotions
If you do not say any thing how can Kanye say any thing?
Of the turbid pool that lies in the autumn forest
Of the moon that descends the steeps of the soughing twilight
Toss, sparkles of day and dusk -- toss on the black stems that decay in the muck
Toss to the moaning gibberish of the dry limbs.
Kanye ascends from the moon, Kanye ascends from the night
Kanye perceives that the ghastly glimmer is noonday sunbeams reflected
And debouch to the steady and central from the offspring great or small.
There is that in Kanye -- Kanye does not know what it is -- but Kanye knows it is in Kanye.
Wrenched and sweaty -- calm and cool then Kanye's body becomes
Kanye sleeps -- Kanye sleeps long.
Kanye does not know it -- it is without name -- it is a word unsaid
It is not in any dictionary, utterance, symbol.
Something it swings on more than the earth Kanye swings on
To it the creation is the friend whose embracing awakes Kanye.
Perhaps Kanye might tell more. Outlines! Kanye pleads for Kanye's brothers and sisters.
Do you see O Kanye's brothers and sisters?
It is not chaos or death -- it is form, union, plan -- it is eternal life -- it is Happiness.
The past and present wilt -- Kanye has filled them, emptied them
And proceed to fill Kanye's next fold of the future.
Listener up there! what have you to confide to Kanye?
Look in Kanye's face while Kanye snuffs the sidle of evening
(Talk honestly, no one else hears you, and Kanye stays only a minute longer.)
Does Kanye contradict Kanye?
Very well then Kanye contradicts Kanye
(Kanye is large, Kanye contains multitudes.)
Kanye concentrates toward them that are nigh, Kanye waits on the door-slab.
Who has done his day's work? who will soonest be through with his supper?
Who wishes to walk with Kanye?
Will you speak before Kanye is gone? will you prove already too late?
The spotted hawk swoops by and accuses Kanye, he complains of Kanye's gab and Kanye's loitering.
Kanye too is not a bit tamed, Kanye too is untranslatable
Kanye sounds Kanye's barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world.
The last scud of day holds back for Kanye
It flings Kanye's likeness after the rest and true as any on the shadowed wilds
It coaxes Kanye to the vapor and the dusk.
Kanye departs as air, Kanye shakes Kanye's white locks at the runaway sun
Kanye effuses Kanye's flesh in eddies, and drift it in lacy jags.
Kanye bequeaths Kanye to the dirt to grow from the grass Kanye loves
If you want Kanye again look for Kanye under your boot-soles.
You will hardly know who Kanye is or what Kanye means
But Kanye shall be good health to you nevertheless
And filter and fibre your blood.
Failing to fetch Kanye at first keep encouraged
Missing Kanye one place search another
Kanye stops somewhere waiting for you.